this is the greatest advance in modern
physics since the splitting of the atom
a rare metal molecularly unstable it's
what they're made of break it up all the
way you guys have never seen a truck
like this before
dad he keeps spending money on junk I
don't think it's a truck at all I think
we just found a transformer I'm gonna
ask you this once where is Optimus Prime
after all we have done
humans are hunting us
but I fear we are all targets now
what is that you said you here
this is not war
it's human extinction
more of my kind must be sacrificed
and half a prime maybe not new we all
know we can be
I'm not leaving my dad
we need a new army
you